feat: added spec for mgt-taxonomy-picker (#2156)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit: specs/mgt-taxonomy-picker.md

# mgt-taxonomy-picker

## Overview

> The taxonomy picker is a component that can query the Microsoft Graph API for Taxonomy and render a dropdown control allowing selection of **a single** term based on the specified term set id and a combination of the specified term set id and the specified term id. 

Reviewer: Could you add the links to the documentation for this API? I got https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/termstore-term?view=graph-rest-1.0. Is it the correct one?

Author: Sure, I will add that link.

> The taxonomy picker is a component that can query the [Microsoft Graph API for Taxonomy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/termstore-term?view=graph-rest-1.0) and render a dropdown control allowing selection of **a single** term based on the specified term set id and a combination of the specified term set id and the specified term id. 

Author: I have made the updates as requested and have added some extra information.

> **Note**

> > This capability used to support a single selection coming from the term store. This will be reviewed in the future.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This capability supports a single selection coming from the term store. This will be reviewed in the future.  
```

Author: Done.

Shows French labels of the terms marked with a green box in the image above.

![mgt-taxonomy-pikcer-locale-term](./images/mgt-taxonomy-pikcer-locale-term.png)

## Proposed Solution

### Examples

#### Show the first level children of the term set with the specified id.

`<mgt-taxonomy-picker termset-id="138a652e-7f23-46f6-b480-13da2308c235"></mgt-taxonomy-picker>`

#### Show the first level children of the term with the specified id under the term set with the specified id.

`<mgt-taxonomy-picker termset-id="138a652e-7f23-46f6-b480-13da2308c235" term-id="a56caeb7-3b7d-4d22-93a9-0232e12905f6"></mgt-taxonomy-picker>`

#### Show the first level children of the term with the specified id under the term set with the specified id in a different language.

`<mgt-taxonomy-picker termset-id="138a652e-7f23-46f6-b480-13da2308c235" term-id="a56caeb7-3b7d-4d22-93a9-0232e12905f6" locale="fr-FR"></mgt-taxonomy-picker>`

#### Cache the response from the API call for 50 seconds.

`<mgt-taxonomy-picker termset-id="138a652e-7f23-46f6-b480-13da2308c235" cache-enabled="true" cache-invalidation-period="50000"></mgt-taxonomy-picker>`

> ## Properties and Attributes

Reviewer: @anoopt could we have a `level` property which would allow you to specify a number of levels deep within a term set that you can display. It will be used with a `termset-id` and have a default value of 2. This way, you can display the entire termset as shown without specifying a term-id. What do you think? :

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8081536/229109005-bda6718c-8231-42d8-a983-ad35ebfacce0.png)

Author: @musale - Since the data [returned by Microsoft Graph](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/termstore-term?view=graph-rest-1.0) for a term (please see below), doesn't have any details related to the parent term or child term, I don't think we can specify the `level` property. 

```json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.termStore.term",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "labels": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.termStore.localizedLabel"
    }
  ],
  "createdDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "descriptions": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.termStore.localizedDescription"
    }
  ],
  "properties": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.keyValue"
    }
  ]
}
```

However, if all the terms under a termset need to be listed, then we can use the `/termStore/sets/{termset-id}/terms` endpoint. This endpoint works only for a termset and not a term.

Reviewer: Oh I see, thank you 😄

| ------------------------- | ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| placeholder                  | placeholder                 | The placeholder to use in the combobox. No default value is provided.                                                                                                                                        | string                     |
| termset-id                  | termsetId                 | The Id of the termset where the terms are present. The terms under the termset will be shown if `term-id` is not passed                                                                                                                                         | string                     |

> | term-id                  | termId                 | The id of the term where the terms are present.                                                                                                                                            | Number                     |

Author: I have updated the details now. Can you please check if that is ok?

> | locale                  | locale                | The locale of the terms that need to be displayed. This will be useful only when terms have multiple lables in different languages.                                                                                                                                                                        | String                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| locale                  | locale                | The locale of the terms that need to be displayed. This will be useful only when terms have multiple labels in different languages.                                                                                                                                                                        | String                     |
```

| default-selected-term-id                    | defaultSelectedTermId                  | Optional. The id of the term that should be selected by default.     | String |

> | version                   | version                 | Optional API version to use when making the GET request. Default is `beta`.                                                                                                                                                           | String                     |

Author: Hmm, I get a 400 Bad Request when I use v1.0 for the `https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/termStore` endpoint. Am I missing something?

> | version                   | version                 | Optional API version to use when making the GET request. Default is `beta`.                                                                                                                                                           | String                     |

Reviewer 2: Well, you are absolutely right! I was wrong! My bad!
